Sasha UFO network news to come at the
IDF and we are over here at the village
booth and i just bought the s 10 blade
which i would call i'm not sure if steve
from your pc port would confirm this i
call it an advert bowl so it's a 10-inch
kind of netbook and as you can see you
can also run it in the tablet mode right
so we'll have added a couple of features
over here this is something we already
saw on the s7 in my opinion so you can
get a little virtual keyboard for thumb
typing in here which i really like this
way let's talk about the specs a little
bit it's an intel atom that 520 so it's
running at one point three gigahertz you
can get with a 32 gigabyte and 64
gigabyte SSD one gigabyte of ram it's
running windows 7 and Philip says it can
run up to 10 hours so let's take a quick
look around the system itself by the way
10.1 inch
and HD display so this is 1366 x 768 so
there's something that I really like
when it comes to surfing the web so
let's take a quick look around the
system there are two USB ports and this
kind of USB connector from The Little Bo
buddies so on the other device from them
on the back we have a vga out and the
connector for your PSU and on the other
side we have for another what is it hdmi
I don't know Steve what kind of
connector is this over here this is an
analog video album oh it's an analog
video okay there we go and check for
your headset and a foreign one card
reader on the front as you can see the
devices have is very very then I would
say it's like 1.2 kilograms something
like this optionally it will come with
wimax and 3g keyboard is really cool and
we have pretty small trackpad it's only
a single mouse button but I think in
terms of build quality this is a really
really cool device 1.3 megapixel camera
on there and it should be available in
q4 this year can't tell you anything
about the price point right now but
something that I should definitely point
out to was this
okay as you can see over here they also
have a nice little interface where you
can move can check out a couple of
applications or you can reach over as
you could see over here is a multimedia
player so they'll have definitely added
some extra features for this nice little
invertible called the s 10 blade and SSS
should be available in q4 2010
you